***DRAFT***
6 May, 2008 - not approved by the ICST SC


                             ICST Proposals

The ICST Steering Committee actively solicits proposals for future conferences.
As stated in the charter, we desire to have conferences planned at least
two years in the future. Competing proposals will be evaluated on strategic
as well as tactical criteria. The primary strategic criterion is based on
geography--an explict ICST goal, as encoded in the charter, is to locate
the conference in geographically diverse locations.

The rest of this document describes specific points the steering committee would
like to see addressed in a proposal. We also outline general goals for some
of these points. Addressing these points is especially important when competing
proposals are submitted to the SC.

Charter : It is essential that proposers read the ICST charter before putting
together the proposal. ICST has a strong charter with rules that need to be
followed rigorously.

General Chair : All proposals must identify a general chair. The general chair
should have good standing in the field of testing, verification and validation,
should have prior involvement in ICST, and should have experience organizing
conferences. ICST is sponsored by the IEEE, so prior experience with IEEE
conferences is very beneficial. It is perfectly fine to have co-General Chairs.

Program Chair : All proposals must identify a program chair. It is common practice
to have two co-program chairs to distribute the load and to provide a more diverse
collection of experience. The program chair (or chairs) must have a strong
technical reputation in the field of testing, verification and validation and must
have been involved with prior ICST conferences.

When necessary, the SC will facilitate getting future GCs and PCs involved in
ICST conferences as members of the technical program committee. The proposal
should highlight previous experience with ICST and previous experience
in organizing other conferences.

Other Organizers : When possible, it will help a proposal to identify other
members of the organizing committee. Identifying one or more
industrial track chairs will be especially helpful.

Location : The location of the conference is essential to any proposal. The SC
will try to locate the conference in different locations; regularly locating in
North America, Europe, and Asia.

Venue : Information about the venue will indicate advance planning
and will help the SC.  ICST 2008 had 220 attendees and 3 tracks, so
it is important that the venue be able to handle this load.

Travel : ICST attracts a world-wide audience, and convenience of travel, including
local teavel, will be considered, specifically for attendees from other continents.

Corporate Involvement : ICST emphasizes a strong industry-academic
connection. If the proposal could address plans for involving
industry (especially local) to the conference, either throgh
sponsorship or attendees, that would be helpful.

Budget Information : Conferences have been getting more expensive and ICST has
conflicting goals. The IEEE expects the conference to not lose money (and prefers
ICST to make a profit), while at the same time we want to keep attendance of the
conference affordable for young scientists and students. Preliminary information
about costs of registration, hotel and local expenses are important to evaluate
a proposal.

Program Information : Any information about the planned program, particularly
plans beyond the expected technical and industry tracks, should be provided.


The ICST SC reserves the right to ask for changes in a proposal, including
asking for more information, recommendating changes to the organizing committee,
requesting the proposal to wait for a later year, and in the case of strong
competing proposals, suggesting proposals be combined.
