http://www.sigsoft.org/about/policies/pc-policy.htm#con_int

Conflicts of Interest and Confidentiality of Submissions: SIGSOFT requires members of the program committees of its events to adhere to the highest of ethical standards. Program committee chairs must ensure that these standards are not only met to the letter of the policy but also to the spirit of its intent. This means that even the appearance of a conflict of interest or breach of confidentiality in the selection process should be avoided.

A program committee member (including the chair of the committee) is considered to have a conflict of interest on a submission that has an author in any of the following categories:

   1. the person themselves;
   2. a past or current student or academic advisor;
   3. a supervisor or employee in the same line of authority within the past five years;
   4. a member of the same organization (e.g., company, university, government agency, etc.) within the past five years;
   5. a co-author of a paper appearing in publication within the past five years;
   6. someone with whom there has been a financial relationship (e.g., grants, contracts, consultancies, equity investments, stock options, etc.) within the past five years;
   7. someone with whom acceptance or rejection would further the personal goals of the reviewer (e.g., a competitor);
   8. a member of the same family or anyone considered a close personal friend; or
   9. someone about whom, for whatever reason, their work cannot be evaluated objectively. 

Committee members must declare their conflicts to the program chair before any discussions of the submissions begin.

Committee members in conflict with an author will not be allowed to see the reviews of the submission, nor will the names of the reviewers be divulged. During any and all discussions of the submission (e.g., at the program committee meeting, during pre-meeting email discussions, etc.), the member in conflict will be barred from participating in any way either actively or passively (e.g., by absenting themselves from the room in which the discussion is being held, not being a recipient of email, etc.).

In case the program chair is in conflict, the chair will assign an alternate chair for any submissions for which they have a conflict. For those submissions, the alternate chair will select the reviewers and will chair the discussion of the submission in the program chair's absence. As a concession to practicality in the mechanics of organizing and reporting the results of the review process, the program chair is permitted to view all reviews for all submissions, including those with which they have a conflict. Nevertheless, the program chair must maintain the confidentiality of those reviews.

The discussions conducted by a program committee during the selection process are considered to be confidential.

This conflict of interest and confidentiality policy extends to any supplemental reviewers outside of the immediate program committee, if such reviewers are permitted by the procedures of the committee. The committee member seeking the supplemental review is responsible for ensuring the enforcement of the policy.

The program chair will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the manuscripts submitted are made available to and reviewed only by the program committee and supplemental reviewers acting on behalf of the program committee. Neither SIGSOFT nor ACM guarantee the confidentiality of the submitted manuscripts, and accept no liability in the event that the manuscripts are distributed beyond the reviewers.

